Wetland and water courses commission for
March 3rd 2025
J
uh like we have an option to add other
application today U we here two Woodside
Drive I don't have the application I
mean 255
would that be acceptable to
[Music]
the
seven approval of the minutes uh
anybody see
anything regular minutes on January 6
that need to
Beed go back
and everybody
hi
okay motion to add
and so let's do that and who second is
it made I seconded and
then all in
favor minutes are fine nothing needs to
be corrected on
those motion to approve minutes
presented
second all in favor I
public
comment there
anybody
here there is no old
business so let's go to the new business
we have
a jurisdictional ruling review for iww
c251 Donald Bo 134 Wheeling Road a 25
acre Timber Harvest with a stream
Crossing is part of a USDA
nrcs uh equip
program that you up there good evening
can you hear me yes yes okay wonderful
I'm I'm Don DUIs Duo forestry and Land
Management professionals from Brooklyn
Connecticut I'm here tonight
representing my clients Anthony and
Susan rerio from 134 Wheeling
Road um we have a simple jurisdictional
ruling to uh address tonight this is
a salvage thinning that's taking place
on about 25 AC
uh the goal here is to improve Forest
Health my client is a recipient of a a
grant from the USDA
nrcs and uh we're using that program to
salvage dead and dying ash trees
actually most of them were dead already
uh and they've died in the last few
years from the emerald ash borer so our
goal is to uh remove these these trees
in an effort to grow the better quality
Oak and uh maple and Birch and Hickory
and sugar
maple so it's a very small operation
it's involving 15,000 Bo feet of Saw
Timber and about 990 cords of
firewood uh we have two good access
points onto the property if you look at
the topographical map there's a narrow
strip of land on the northeast corner of
the property uh and there's a a gravel
Access Road there and then there's
another uh gravel Access Road situated
just to the north of uh rerel
Homestead the uh green lines that you
see on the topographical map are
proposed and existing skid Trails the
wetlands map that the capitol region
Council of governments has is actually
pretty accurate uh it shows you can see
the wetlands in the blue line Brook and
we're looking to uh place a temporary
stream crossing over that Rook to span
the channel uh to prevent any sediment
or erosion into the stream channel into
the adjacent
Wetlands I was out there last week with
uh with Joe um it was frozen solid and
cold but uh we did go out there and we
were able to take a look at the uh the
stream channel itself and I think Joe
got some good pictures of
it um this operation will probably get
started sometime in mid to late August
we're hoping for uh you know dry ground
ground conditions when the water water
tables are at the at the lowest this is
a a one- phased operation the P the
person's doing the work is going to come
in he's going to take out the dead trees
and do the firewood cleanup so it's one
operation one contract then he'll be
done he'll put the bridges in place
before he starts of course and then
he'll he'll remove the bridges
completion of the operation the nrcs is
also car sharing Trail stabilization so
um when we're done all the woods roads
and skid Trails will be seated with a
shade tolerant conservation grass seed
mix and R to assist in
germination so it should be we should be
shutting down the roads in pretty good
order um at this point in time we're
just looking for a a permitted use as of
right activity under Connecticut state
statute if you have any questions i' be
more than happy to address them
that one question just right off the get
go the designation USDA nrcs equip what
exactly me is that okay the
USDA United States Department of
Agriculture um has a a program the
acronym is equip that stands for
Environmental Quality incentives program
and it's a cost share program that gives
money to private Forest landowners to
help them take better care of their land
that program is administered by the
natural resource conservation service
which is the
nrcs it's a pretty big Federal program
and uh we use the program quite
extensively throughout Connecticut Ro
massachus is to help land owners
particularly in situations like this
where their Woods are in such poor form
that you could you cannot do anything
here commercially the only way we can
help this land owner is by using this
program without it we couldn't do any of
this so it's a pretty good
program so I saw in the photos that the
uh it was a fairly small screen were
there any Wetlands on the sides of that
that we had to worry about the size of
the temporary Bridge yeah the stream the
stream channel itself is is pretty well
defined as photos show um but there are
there are and like I said the capital
region Council of government Maps pretty
accurate we're going to be Crossing at
the most narrow uh location but the
bridges will be put in place to span the
channel itself and then probably on
either side if it if it's soft we're
going to have to lay additional mats in
there but the mainstream channel will be
spanned you know with with these mats
I'm sure you've all seen them we call
them wooden bridges but they're they're
big wooden mats and the machine puts
them in place and it allows the machine
you know the wooden equipment to drive
over that without you know dragging
sediment into the stream channel and
like I said once the job is done then
the the bridges are
removed so are the meds in the wetlands
or are they outside of the
wetlands um I didn't you know the wets
aren't delineated but uh and the ground
was frozen when we were there but we
have we're choosing the most narrow
location and the bridges are 12 to 14
feet long so where they land on each
side of the wet of the stream that's
that's a wetland soil so if the stream
channel is say two or three feet wide
and the bridges span that
channel then on either side those
bridges are you know probably resting on
uh some Wetland soil before it becomes
Upland so there might be some there do
you have the uh CR Cog maps in front of
you you have
those I can you share maybe but okay I
think I included in my application maybe
I didn't yeah we do yeah we do have them
oh good not they we have to share the
screen
or is it on
the yeah
thing rests on whether or not if the
bridge spans from not Wetlands to not
Wetlands I think that's not under a
jurisdiction to put these Ms down in the
end of the temporary
brid
ass not to be
you
this might be
it's not that
one yeah I didn't see
anything yeah it shows the uh
[Music]
which one that you want to look
at sorry was looking for you
know and I was expecting the answer to
be there were no Wetlands on either side
of the stream and we're putting it down
on good soil the temporary bridge if if
there are wetlands on the side of the
screen then that's what would you know
cause it to have
jurisdiction this is called the yeah St
2 is where we're you don't have the
forest type map there but that's it's
called a technically it's called a
riparian woodland um so the streaming
channel is very defined I think the
photos show it the
uh area on either side the photos aren't
very clear we were there when there was
eight inches of ice although the stream
channel was flowing easily discernable
but kind of hard to see what was under
the
ice but best management practices in
Connecticut as you know uh require that
you span the stream channel and that
bmps would allow you to put in corduroy
on the approach if it's sound but I
prefer not to use corduroy we're going
to have plenty of mats and I would let
the mats uh do the work and carry the
weight of everything far less impact in
a riparian woodland
I mean do we have anything that tells us
if there's
any I think all the green are water
pores you have streams going through
there there no those are the skin TR
those skid okay so
um I know there's a lot of a lot of
wetlands around here that's why I ask
the question yeah well there's
definitely wons up there's in okay it's
a like maybe this area here it's kind of
then it channelizes a little bit over
where the crossing is and then kind of
spreads out and ends up flowing over
this some over this way too
yeah I guess your your question is are
there is the spand going to be lay going
over the
stream laying on a
wetland where the mats are they're going
to be laying on
Wetlands if they are then
we need to take jurisdiction over that
what well because there
is it is as a right used
you know the agriculture which includes
forestry
so yeah and this is also in consist
consistent with bmps in Connecticut this
is a um you know pretty standard
procedure as long I think the statute
says as long as you're not blocking the
Stream flow and impeding the stream
channel in any way the purposes of the
bridge are to span the stream channel
and if the approaches on either side
need hardening is typically done with
corduroy and that's BMP is acceptable
practice in Connecticut but the best
thing to do is don't put the cordoy in
and add additional Bridges if need
be I wish the photos that were were
clearer they could you could see it but
unfortunately like I said when we did a
site walk the ground was hard and
Frozen in any event we certainly don't
want to do this operation in the spring
we our projection is to start by mid to
late August when grounds no ground
well drained
ideally of course this winter would have
been ideal to be in there it would have
been perfect but we don't usually see
winters like this
anymore letting here our president in
direction from our
land has always been that poroy or mat
into the Wetland is considered filling
Wetland and we need to take jurisdiction
it doesn't mean that it's a bad practice
it doesn't mean that it you know can't
be handled in a timely manner between
you know he's trying to get the logging
done in August there's a lot of time for
now arst to do that but you know that's
been pretty much what we have chosen to
do for uh you know when we would take
jurisdiction if temporary Bridge were to
go you know outside weaps on both sides
then you know it's not a jurisdictional
issue but if we're putting anything into
the weaps you know and again it's not
not a hard thing but that's what our
land use attorneys told us to do yeah
all right it's just I haven't seen this
before I've been doing this you know
I've done hundreds of these just never
seen this come up as that point if if
that's the point that you're making that
bridges are going to span from Upland to
Upland um I I don't know if if that
could be done there so why don't we just
do this um why don't we keep the
application in as it is and remove the
request for a temporary stream Crossing
all together which is okay because we
have two log loading areas you know
one's to the north and one's to the
South and we can uh divide the property
and not get anywhere near the wetlands I
wanted to provide a temporary stream
Crossing to make it convenient for the
operator but if if it's going to be an
issue with the town then we will uh
retract the request for a temporary
stream Crossing all together then
there's no interference with the stream
Crossing
whatsoever do I need help understand
what that was all about yeah yeah well
we're going to remove the request for a
temporary stream crossing that's all I'm
saying we're are we just are is he
saying we're just going to you know
Drive
equipment see if there two two yeah so
you can access see how that top one goes
around and then the other one goes so
basically cover both okay so that you
that would be uh acceptable or you know
what we've done in the past is we've uh
accepted all the information they
provided it as the application and we
just act out it at the next meeting
I yeah I think you know the reason we
have two access roads was if possible we
should try to avoid this Wetlands all
together because that is you know best
the best approach is to find an
alternative to Crossing it we can do
this tree removal operation without that
Crossing is what I'm
saying and that that'll just be that'll
be that'll be a prerequisite we should
vote whether or not we've got
jurisdiction but I think what we know
it would be you I think that do and if
we can do it without going through the
Wetland so much
better agre you don't have to go that
way just don't do it that's
fine motion proposes Timber harv is as
of bright use Wetlands commission agrees
with his conclusion that the P Timber
Harvest is an as of right use according
to section 4.1 of and wetlands
regulations
um I roow move to propos of Timber
Harvest on the property of 134 Wheeling
road is permitted as as right purs
section 4.1 of the andw England wet some
water courses
regulations I get a
you you should add that the stream
Crossing will
be okay
uh with the stream stream Crossing being
removed
that any
second show
hi applic no I won need it's
an
all thank you very much have a good
night good night good night
okay um bring this
to permanent application
IWC
Joshua you I didn't want to mess that up
296 Lake Road installation of a 4ot by
16t prefabricated aluminum with Dock and
a six foot by 8ot B
PL within hand
Lake I did see some
pictures is this new or you
the dock is new it's in a
box um and the B lift is not new it's
used it's aluminum with some steel cable
and it's clean um and it's can just be
moved alongside the dock the application
says it has a 4x4 in aluminum feet
on and uh yeah it's sort of a a scissor
lift that the boat sits on the skids
like like it would on a boat trailer and
you turn a crank and the steel cabl look
out of water just to keep the from being
have two any problems with people
putting them docks on the uh way you
obviously need an access to the way so
it's almost like
a conclusion
that the
uh the whole thing with the definitely
caught my attention
pretty nifty but you know how boats get
really they can get stained and grow you
look
at it's like
is high mechanical advantage you know
you turn the thing a lot and the boat
barely mes you know little by little and
just LIF and you know they make them for
huge boats but this is you imagine the
jet ski which obviously we're not jet
ski but about that size is made for a
boat very small h
to receive
it rece
rece
second all
fav yeah V accept it
that's nice one good okay okay thank you
for your time accept thank
you
okay per application iww
255 that would be your that would be me
okay that's
have
to particular
application uh have some full drawings
here I guess you got the drawings in you
can uh so we've been here my wife and I
Street we were 20 milon years
old and we love Ang we don't and want
agent place and and we decided to stay
here uh and about five six years ago we
purchased a lot on West Street you're
going up West Street Lot on the left
that's cleared with a driveway oh yeah
so we've had that since
just prior and during Co that whole
process took very because of co uh so we
were going to build
there and then because of
Co after we got it appr cleared put the
driveway in well then we couldn't find a
builder and we couldn't find any
materials and we couldn't do anything so
we just been sitting around and during
that time we both have
decided uh together that we just W
really been for 40 years can we just do
something here and stay here and we sell
that prop so that started off this and
so that's where we're at now and uh so
what we've come up with is is a way to
uh so so the house now the way it stands
is a two-bedroom Ranch and you come in
the driveway and you go in a W room or
basement door and then you go up the
narrow
stairs so that's one of the issues the
other is the basement is also where the
washer and dryer so it's up and down
that the stairs there so right now
that's not a problem but it may be
problem and we don't want to so this
permit is to uh be able
to add on the kitchen is also really
small now both of our parents are gone
so we're getting nieces and neews and
people over the last holiday there were
some people in the kitchen some people
in the living room so the rec room so we
try make bigger dining room get the
washer and dryer upstairs get a two-car
garage on the same floor that be com in
we have a small place in Vermont
come on and we have that situation there
so you come in the Terin it's whatever
and Pop the trunk take your groceries
two steps and you're in the house and
that's really what we've been taking is
what we we want to do so that's that's
the
idea
okay a good plan
I
know I I was
reading
you
mention
something um I don't yeah I don't know
if you want this
[Music]
summary from the soil scientist and
everything printed printed one copy I
can make
extras the house this year this is what
you want
yeah well did it's really it dries up
sucker but it's right here in front
coming up Woodside you know woodside's
Dead Road coming around the
corner
this's
here so
these so I I heard weapons engineer come
he flaged all that he wor other
engineer and he's got a report probably
and this is the proposed Drive yeah and
this is where's the old drive right here
all the old dri here
yeah oh
so you know the bedroom I have a drawing
house if you want to see it has it exist
but um one thing that will suggest why
to the Edition here well the bedrooms in
here the kitchen is here so then just
switching the whole house around it
it
yeah so that it's like a indent
we and there's already existing C here
and there's one
here
narrow yeah
there what's the distance from here to
the boundary oh that's another
interesting thing so when we started
this whole project and decided to stay
here I called the engineer so Ed peler
is the engineer he's the one that
engineered the lot on West that's how I
got and
uh so he came out we talked about this
he said he'd have his weap guy flag this
one they did and then we dropped this in
on this uh pad machine here he called me
on the phone and said you can't do this
because of the setback this whole lot
right here was not mine four months
ago that is a 2 200x 50t lot that you
can't do anything with weapons and it's
useless and it took me three months to
find the person that owned it because
she left in the 60s oh God it was in her
mother's name
and you guys don't tax her because the
land isn't worth anything to send the
tax bill out so nobody knew where she
was so that yeah three months to find
her she's in big water
Utah and then I had to try and find a
way to get a holder you would think with
the internet right you could just find a
way and call her but you can't and uh so
that took another three or four weeks
for trying to figure out how KCK right
was she surprised she was really
surprised because she left here in the
60s she grew up to this that lot next to
her that there's a house of lot cab
that's where she grew up and then she
left her re so her mom passed away she's
out there we started talking and then uh
she was interested in selling it by the
way she thought it was worth something
because it's a late L yeah and so that
that took a few more months to realize
it's really not worth anything you can't
do anything with it and a long story
short we agreed if I paid for all the
expenses of opening prob
lawyering everything she s me for dollar
so
that, that wasn't
mine so now it is so now there's no
boundary and there's no B so we closed
on
that months ago and then I went back to
work with
Ed this is a lot of project you merged
the Lots you talked to the zoning guys
yeah yeah yeah you're probably getting a
little bit of an extra Tas go bet well
at some point if you
open over time we also bought this
during a TR time about 15 20 years ago
that was
one and then we added these two lots so
right now yeah if this all goes through
we'll put it all into one
lot this is now this will separate how
many acres will it
be know that's there some
you bought the little lot the quarter
Woodland that
drive yeah that was
$4,000 they called me about 20 years ago
I got something in the mail and said hey
this is a a
tax sale here and I wasn't interested in
what was I going to do with that scrip
and Jay was still here at the time and
he said well you should just come in and
look at it CU well how much am I going
to have to pay for he said well package
are $4,000
B $4,000 nobody else do that's what I
did so so we got that which was good
because that's where you have to have a
secondary actic system oh so you already
got that approved that's where that's
where go because everything here is
ledge oh so we would be able to do it
there
so 40 years
and it is you know since then we kind of
cleared this area out uh brush down it
like almost a little like so that's
another reason there like we really want
to move and go up West we really love
so I think I picked up you saying that
there was no way to make the house
bigger with the garage and the driveway
in the spot that it
exists
really actually the garage this thing
the driveway comes in in the garage it's
under the house so you have bring a
bunch of fill I don't what You' have to
do there
but house well
a basement
yeah and be had overwhelming to try and
think going off a lak side that would be
at that this is it's all L this is
really if you drive by it this is really
Steep and then when you come down here
you have a line that's right on the
corner as you come to so you wouldn't as
you came out of the driveway you
wouldn't be able to see the oncoming
traffic
that stone wall that you have there is
that coming out of there where you're
put the
Drive Stone Wall in front of the house
here yeah is that coming or that would
come out where the driver is yeah that's
not much of the stone wall no no it's
must been
yeah it seems like far as feasible and
you
know the only other thing I can think of
is like there any way you could just up
it that would be that's your front yard
yeah you're really close to the house CU
this drops off pretty
the St wall right after that
wall
okay want a full set of with anybody I
just B
sign if you have that yeah this I'll
I'll put
make a motion that we accept the
application next mon okay great thank
you very much slipping me in here I
know sitting here but it looks like
you've done your homework yeah I know
you're
very met the engineer to fill out these
form yesterday afternoon and then we
looked in the thing so when is the
meeting well let's give it a shot and
Joe was nice enough
to well thank you okay
good see you yes I'll be waving
we got the uh was it
243 the pickle ball courts um they
submitted an updated site plan lighting
plan I'm sure Jed probably knows more
about that than I
do I think we're making good progress
I'm getting ready to go on that we'll
hopefully finish up the public hearing
aspects on that or meeting later this
month and take action on that time yeah
most of it was stuff that Eric talked
about on meeting I think like shortening
that um drain line so that it drains
into the Wetland we brought that up and
then what else they do took the gravel
parking lot
out they made it
gra Lev spread
comments on predicting the gritters get
the right flavor of L Bol and it'll be
turned off at the right
times
side yeah so I had that um
had and overl notification of uh the D
herbicide permit application was
basically I talked to them there it's
it's like a renewal every three years so
it's almost identical to the one that
they submitted I forward to the
commission so the regulates that so they
just have to notify us and I asked for
the that was the draft form so asked
for actual get
then 7:46 East Street I know I emailed
it to you guys in Friday January the uh
cell phone tower construction which was
through
um I think of what that was it was in
the up riew area right
yeah
um I think the road the um the road yeah
the gravel road that they had to
construct to go into the area was in the
up riew area but that's all regulated by
the uh Connecticut sighting commission
so it's again they're required to notify
us and we can comment for that type of
utility we
can you can this off theyed um no they
just yeah they finished the public
hearing probably within the last month I
know there were a couple of people
I didn't attend it because like Joe said
week or two about it I was a little
annoyed and I hadn't been able to track
down you there was the article in the
River East that said you know all these
people from an over got got this thing
back in July and had 45 days to comment
and we didn't hear from any
of and I don't know about you Bill but I
certainly didn't get anything back in
July it wasn't it was in DEC December we
got that thick book yeah but you know
the our comment period was closed back
in July
so but I was never able to track down
what happened you know why we didn't get
those talk to a friend of mine who's the
chair of the weapons commission over in
Eber he said that we didn't get any life
so I don't know what the story is you
know the lawyer for the company said you
know I wrote him and said never got
it he's got a form signed by the post
office that he delivered it there but
there was no
U no tracking of the delivery along the
way just sent out the regular
mail so don't know but it wasn't like we
could do anything by so I said okay more
sleep over this one
but like in the next couple months is
that supposed to start yeah I think it
be sometime this year they're going to
want to go on
it did any of the
neighbors I didn't hear anything about
it you know negative one way or the
other you know it's kind of out in the
middle of nowhere
and I don't think it's going to be a big
ice work not like the one across the
street here that can see if both the
Treet Toops all
I know Brad was talking about
maybe I'm not sure he did or that's what
I was talking to him about I guess he
Liv be interesting if he did yeah there
so there was a couple of people on the
Conservation Commission that wanted to
attempt then I sent him the you know
updated schedule stuff that I had gotten
and they tried to get in and were not
successful with get any so as far as I
know
nobody all right yeah so next thing was
um
2503 was an agent approval of 72 P rid
drive that was
um he had originally plan to put the
house further up the hill outside of the
up viiew area and it's actually still
outside but they had to clear and braid
slightly in the up review area but they
basically moved the house down the hill
because there was like a Hillside and
then it's
flat um so it eliminates a lot of tree
clearing and a lot of
cutting um so that's what that was all
about he had talked about it with me
last summer finally got
plan
so and I would you keep your eye on that
one because there was a bunch of us out
there today still trying to work
on his brother-in-law Georgia's house
where they filled in you a bunch of
uh dirt on a neighbor's property in the
Wetland review area
and uh neighbor's going to make them
take the the dirt out and so you should
expect to see the wetlands permit come
with that because they going to go in
the Upland view area to R all the dirt
that they put in there probed off I
know know
what's all I see is CH going up and down
up and down I have no idea what's going
yeah you definitely want to keep an eye
on that yeah we shouldn't a permit
though because technically it's
it's rectifying
violation so this should be just but you
have to I I think you because well we
were you know talking about there's got
to be some silk fencing and that because
you're going to have to do this then
proper seaing on all the restoration and
all that but but anyhow I think you
we're not done with that one
yet and he's probably going to have the
same guy
this no different different
people George was doing that's his so
yeah no it was already cleared by
different they're like I don't think
they're that
close yeah but um yeah he's already U he
has some like a pile stumps in the up
area I got to get to move
working on that and there's no yeah I
told him no stock piling up
area now so just trying to I remember
when we discussed the wetlands
application for that particular property
and we were focused in on the driveway
coming across the wetlands
there I didn't see where any of the
wetlands were flag how as you get away
from the driveway area around there
about where the the second house is
being built so they might be I just yeah
than didn't see him today and course it
was starting to get dark out so
I didn't look that hard to work but when
we got down by the driveway cross the
wetlands they were all SL nicely so yeah
I'm pretty sure
his yeah
take a look at but I guess the point of
the discussion for us as a commission
you know that
would when we uh when we talked about
the 12 Webster Lane
subdivision as well you know there was
an area of weapons right was going back
all that stuff then there was a bunch of
other weapons where he's going to build
the HX and you we didn't talk about that
at all that was just kind of an
afterthought the HKS have so we need to
make sure that they're fighting all the
weapons right because they'll come into
play later
on see lot of lot flags on the
dra the Wetland delineation I don't know
if those were
all Flags or not but I think there was a
few I'll have to look through my
pictures been on site since all the snow
on the
ground what in this
town procedure is for emptying
what
emptying if there is a procedure in hand
over where you have to pump it out or
you just open up the drain and just let
it go or because you know that he's he's
got
an Brown pool that looks pretty huge
from what I can tell by looking at photo
and I I just wonder if that's something
that how it works I even know I've
never
clean go
the yeah it's
like buil then treated with
something had ground pool um we only Dr
it once when you know Le
never never on
purpose like you're saying there's a
filter
and
yeah I'm going to a therapy pool and you
written and they just empti it and I
don't know where I mean it's a huge pool
and I
[Music]
thought I have no idea I don't know the
answer to
that a little
well the other the other mystery
question that I asking with and maybe
Joe's got some hints there is I found
there's regulation in our zoning RS it
says if you put more than 2,000 square
ft of impervious material whether roof
driveway pool you name it not a lot you
have to mitigate the extra runoff
that uh
it's not being absorbed into the ground
and of course when I brought that up on
the pickle ball work oh we're just going
to run it in the
weapons that doesn't seem to be beating
the intent of what we're trying to do to
uh maintain the
uh water table in the groundwater Supply
so AR not supposed to direct water
directly in
anyway toward the wetlands but not
actually into the wetlands like I don't
think you can like take drainage in your
yard PPE it right in the wet right no I
mean that's not that's not a good
practice right well that's where it all
that's where it all ends up you look at
you
georg's house that he built over here he
took all his gutters that you put them
into a common drain that runs down into
the weapon are and if I was Smarter on
that requirement when we were doing this
thing I'd you know asked isn't there a
better way you know to do that we're
doing that with the pickle ball and I
see we're running some
trains here that look like you they're
going to end up going down into uh the
weap so I know that's and maybe that's
just we're lucky that we got a lot of
wetlands in handle I don't know but
something
about what's the best best way to handle
that situation to mitigate that runoff
that our Z break required have which you
would think would be a weapon's concern
think the way the the way that site
slopes too though it's like even though
they're
in here but the way that contour line
flow like the water flow will be that
way so it'll be a way
actually yeah in the area but fall in
the opposite direction that's that's the
thing I was thinking
about closer up
here okay
but I think with that one they'll end
up because it's it's the way they moved
it it was in now it's in like a flat
site it's actually the old like back
when that lot was first going to get
developed that that was the site where
they were going to put the house and
nice pretty level it's not like George
where they he was sticking it on the
side of the Hill well it looks like
George just got a bunch of material he
going be trying to get rid of so I
think'll help out
yeah I was hoping it because it's it's
fine and stable so yeah it's like it's I
wish they could have work something
obious planting or something like
that you got to you can't fill someone
else's property either so sometimes when
you build like what what it sounds like
he's doing he's going to have a slope
behind his house that's not always a
great thing cuz then that water is going
to run down that slope and it's going to
come right into your BAS
yeah Poss if it's not it's
not you don't have like a kind of
there it's it's going to have a lot of
problems but digging into a little Hill
like
that
also you could also hit a
spring especially in that area yeah
figure if you can avoid I mean you can
shift it a little bit and you can avoid
all that cut C out the hillside that's
that's a Hot River watered right
there I don't think there's a good way
you could actually build a house in
there not not a good
way something's going to Happ again
I had one that came
in finished shed 116
Wheeling clear backyard that's within
the area so submitted a permit for
itle pre preab Farms
one so made out an application for
permit yeah close enough and he had
Alternatives but it was like the way
that you know wife wanted
it yeah all
right business
next PR meeting is Monday April
7th STI that
that sry